relatives mourn the loss of nearly every
member of a virtually an entire family
killed by an Israeli air strikes on Za
in central Gaza now in body bags outside
the Loa
hospital it's a hideous massacre in
every way they were all dismembered
there wasn't a single complete body
what's the reason behind it we don't
know why were these civilians killed in
way the family was that of Sami jaad
known as Abu jaad he was killed when his
meat Warehouse was hit along with his 11
children who are aged between 2 and 11
years
old they were asleep in their beds they
were children and babies then three
missiles targeted their place that place
is known it's known that Abu Jawad is a
fish and meat Merchant if they target
Merchants what about other people
Alle is reported to have coordinated
with the Israeli military to be able to
import meat into Gaza the meat Warehouse
was now being used as a shter by at
least 40 displaced people according to
Witnesses a family home next to the
warehouse was also
hit our home was leveled to the ground
with everyone inside
killed they were all women and children
what wrong did those innocent women and
children do to be killed
much of Za the town has turned into
Rebels as has the majority of Gaza and
more than 40,000 Palestinians have been
killed this latest attack happened as
ceasefire talks in Doha came to an end
and before resuming in Cairo next week
the US has described the talks as a
promising however the continuation of
violence is not hanim Mahmud Al jazer
from the central area of the G STP
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer